Imagine if the day after you purchased a home, its value dropped by 20% and
continued
to drop every single day.
You would never make that investment.
Yet, that's exactly what happens when you buy a car.
The moment you drive it off the lot, it loses 20% of its value and continues to
lose value
every day.
Not to mention, the thousands you'll spend on maintenance and insurance.
For a century, people have been buying cars because they've had no other option
.
Until now, Flex Car is completely reimagining car ownership.
You can drive what you want, when you want, cruise in a jeep for the summer,
switch to
an SUV for the winter, or stick with your favorite ride for years, the choice
is yours.
In the best part, it costs less than a monthly car loan, no down payment, no
debt, no locked
in contracts, just the newest cars in the latest technology, with maintenance
and insurance
included.
That's the freedom of Flex Car, the world's first month-to-month car lease.
Once you flex, you'll never buy a car again.